docs: migrate 'Extensions' (#5454)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/how-to/extensions/expand-extensions.rst

.. _how-to-expand-extensions:

Expand extensions
=================

> Extensions modify the snap's project file definition before a build. Run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions modify the snap's project file before a build. Run the
```

> Extensions modify the snap's project file definition before a build. Run the
> ``expand-extensions`` command from your project's root directory to see how the project
> file will look with the extensions applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions make temporary modifications the snap's project file with useful boilerplate,
right before the snap is built. They help incorporate known solutions that are common to
a supported technology. Run the ``expand-extensions`` command from your project's root
directory to see how the project file will look with the extensions applied.
```
